Language of the text is:english

 Fluido | Salesforce CRM consulting, development, integration, and training Global FI SE NO DK DE Dutch Our work Expertise Salesforce
Solutions We deliver industry-leading solutions for sales, marketing and customer service from Salesforce and other partners to meet the
customer expectations of tomorrow. Salesforce Training Courses Our Salesforce trainings ensure that you get the best out of your Salesforce
instance. Salesforce Services Get the most out of Salesforce with our professional services to help you reach your goals faster with expert
advice throughout your entire journey. Blog Events About us Careers Contact Global FI SE NO DK DE NL Follow us 1 3 Report: Wealth Management
technology gaps and solutions Financial advisory providers say they want to innovate and change, but there are few planned enhancements. Our
research suggests it’s worth the investment — too much time is spent on manual tasks, and freeing up adviser time could allow them to reach
more clients. Read the report 1 3 See the digital future of your business Fluido is a leading Salesforce consultancy combining the agility
of a startup with the scale of a global enterprise. Discover more 1 3 Posti: Building an effective B2B marketing funnel Fluido built a
complete analysis and reporting mechanism for the B2B marketing funnel of Finland’s leading logistics service provider: Posti. The project
received a customer rating of 4.9 stars. Find out how they did it 1 3 Explore more Begin a Salesforce journey with Fluido Read more Our
expertise Read more Customer references Read more Salesforce training Read more Upcoming events Read more Open positions Read more Our
Salesforce work Nemko Nemko: A new world in sales with data-driven decision-making Adopting data-driven decision-making has gained traction
with sales teams worldwide. Nemko is committed to providing its sales team with easier access to insights and delivering it at a scale. Read
More Aalto university Aalto University: Transforming the academic experience A splintered IT legacy made Aalto University switch to
Salesforce in a project with Fluido – transforming the online experience for everyone on campus. Read More Fazer Fazer: Creating the MyFazer
Community Fluido helped Fazer to make their direct-to-consumer strategy come true by creating the MyFazer Community. The results can be seen
both in over 60 000 community members and sales numbers. Read More Read more Tune into Fluido Moments The Fluido Moments podcast is your
backstage pass to all things Fluido. It gives you an exclusive insight into the daily lives of Fluidians, our culture, and ways of working.
Listen here Fluido in brief A leading European Salesforce consulting partner 400+ experts 4.7/5.0 CSAT last 18 months 1100 completed
projects Learn more about us Ebook: Gaining actionable insights with analytics Insights gained from analytics provide value only when they
are turned into actions. With this free guide you’ll learn how to get started on your analytics journey when seeking true value from
insights. Grab your copy Blog & News Latest blog posts Uncategorized 1 week Improving Salesforce Flow selection options Blog 1 week Den
bedste studieoplevelse i verden? Transformer reaktiv studiestøtte til proaktiv studiesucces gennem digital fokus på den enkelte Blog 1 week
Få indsigt med dine data Uncategorized 2 weeks My predictions for marketing automation trends 2023 Read our blog Subscribe to Fluido News
Our newsletters provide you with the most important events and insights to help you succeed with your customer relationships and Salesforce.
Contact us Contact us Our work Expertise Salesforce Solutions Salesforce Training Courses Salesforce Services Blog Events About us Follow us
Certificates Fluido Finland Espoo Turku Fluido Sweden Stockholm Gothenburg Malmö Fluido Norway Oslo Fluido Denmark Hellerup Fluido Germany
Munich Fluido Slovakia Banská Bystrica Fluido Benelux Woerden Fluido UK&I London Dublin © Copyright 2023 • Fluido • All rights reserved. |
Privacy Policy.